--- Arts ---
Creative: "Creativity is intelligence having fun." – Albert Einstein
Inspired: "Art is the only way to run away without leaving home." – Twyla Tharp
Expressive: "Every artist was first an amateur." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Visionary: "The painter tries to master the idea of an image, but the image refuses to be mastered." – Edgar Degas
Reflective: "Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time." – Thomas Merton
Imaginative: "Art is the most beautiful of all lies." – Edgar Allan Poe
Free-Spirited: "Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures." – Henry Ward Beecher
Inquisitive: "Art is not what you see, but what you make others see." – Edgar Degas

--- Games ---
Competitive: "It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you play the game." – Grantland Rice
Strategic: "The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do." – Michael Porter
Adventurous: "Games have so much freedom. You can create your own world and make your own rules." – Shigeru Miyamoto
Focused: "Success in gaming is not about the score, but about the journey." – Unknown
Proud: "Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is." – Vince Lombardi
Collaborative: "In the world of gaming, we all start as rookies, but only teamwork can make us champions." – Unknown
Competitive: "The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle." – Unknown

--- Music ---
Inspired: "Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart." – Pablo Casals
Joyful: "Where words fail, music speaks." – Hans Christian Andersen
Free: "Without music, life would be a mistake." – Friedrich Nietzsche
Transcendent: "Music can change the world because it can change people." – Bono
Reflective: "Music is the soundtrack of your life." – Dick Clark
Passionate: "The only truth is music." – Jack Kerouac
Mellow: "The earth has music for those who listen." – George Santayana
Hopeful: "When you’re not feeling great, music can take you somewhere else and help you to heal." – Unknown

--- Sports ---
Determined: "You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." – Wayne Gretzky
Resilient: "It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, it’s the size of the fight in the dog." – Mark Twain
Pumped: "The only way to prove that you’re a good sport is to lose." – Ernie Banks
Focused: "Champions keep playing until they get it right." – Billie Jean King
Motivated: "The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination." – Tommy Lasorda
Competitive: "I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed." – Michael Jordan
Energized: "Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice, and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do." – Pelé
Team-Oriented: "The strength of the team is each individual member. The strength of each member is the team." – Phil Jackson