happy: "Happiness is not by chance, but by choice." – Jim Rohn
excited: "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
hopeful: "Once you choose hope, anything's possible." – Christopher Reeve
motivated: "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
joyful: "Joy does not simply happen to us. We have to choose joy and keep choosing it every day." – Henri J.M. Nouwen
content: "Contentment is not the fulfillment of what you want, but the realization of how much you already have." – Anonymous
relaxed: "Sometimes the most productive thing you can do is relax." – Mark Black
inspired: "Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working." – Pablo Picasso
confident: "Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
grateful: "Gratitude turns what we have into enough." – Aesop
calm: "Keep calm and carry on." – British wartime slogan
reflective: "Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards." – Søren Kierkegaard
thoughtful: "The only journey is the journey within." – Rainer Maria Rilke
curious: "Stay hungry, stay foolish." – Steve Jobs
mellow: "Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
stable: "Stability is not immobility; it is the strength to handle life’s storms." – Anonymous
peaceful: "Peace begins with a smile." – Mother Teresa
neutral: "Keep a balance, life is like a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." – Albert Einstein
steady: "Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." – Robert Collier
focused: "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." – Bruce Lee
anxious: "Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight." – Benjamin Franklin
nervous: "Nerves and butterflies are fine – they’re a physical sign that you’re mentally ready and eager." – Unknown
stressed: "It's not stress that kills us, it is our reaction to it." – Hans Selye
sad: "Tears are words that need to be written." – Paulo Coelho
frustrated: "Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success." – Bo Bennett
overwhelmed: "You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." – Martin Luther King Jr.
worried: "Worrying is carrying tomorrow’s load with today’s strength – carrying two days at once." – Corrie ten Boom
restless: "Restlessness is discontent – and discontent is the first necessity of progress." – Thomas Edison
discouraged: "When you feel like quitting, think about why you started." – Anonymous
disappointed: "Disappointment is simply the action of your brain readjusting itself to reality after discovering things are not the way you thought they were." – Brad Warner
energetic: "Energy and persistence conquer all things." – Benjamin Franklin
exhilarated: "Life should not only be lived, it should be celebrated." – Osho
pumped: "You are your only limit." – Anonymous
hyper: "Too much of a good thing can be wonderful." – Mae West
driven: "If you’re going through hell, keep going." – Winston Churchill
passionate: "Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you." – Oprah Winfrey
intense: "Intensity is the price of excellence." – Warren Buffett
tired: "Rest when you’re weary. Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit. Then get back to work." – Ralph Marston
drained: "Fatigue is the best pillow." – Benjamin Franklin
fatigued: "Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop." – Ovid
sluggish: "Slow progress is still progress." – Anonymous
bored: "Boredom always precedes a period of great creativity." – Robert M. Pirsig
weary: "No one can get inner peace by pouncing on it." – Harry Emerson Fosdick
lethargic: "A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work." – John Lubbock